>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]: And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know, on this program,
"Beyond Belief" and our radio
show "Coast to
Coast AM," we talk
a lot about extraterrestrial
life, creatures
from the unknown,
other dimensions.
Tonight, Michael
Carter, the Reverend,
joins us, an expert on ufology.
Michael, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
>>REV. MICHAEL JS
CARTER: It's my pleasure.
>>NOORY: Always a
pleasure to see you.
>>CARTER: It's my pleasure too.
>>NOORY: How did a reverend
get involved in ufology?
>>CARTER: Oh, boy.
Well, that's a good question.
Basically, it
happened like this.
In December 28, 1989, I
went to see the pyramids
at Chichen Itza and Tulum.
>>NOORY: Ah ha.
>>CARTER: Coming back,
I went to-- a friend
of mine had a party.
I didn't want to
go, but I wanted
to show off my
tan, the whole bit.
It was 85 there.
It was freezing in New York.
And I went to his party.
I stayed for about an hour.
I may have had a glass of
punch or something, and I left.
When I got back home that
night-- and even now,
I don't know why I got up.
But I got up and I looked,
at the edge of my bed
was this individual with
the pear-shaped head,
with the wrap-around eyes.
Now, she wasn't grey.
>>NOORY: Wasn't one of
those little people.
>>CARTER: It was a chalk,
like a chalk color,
had an aluminum foil jumpsuit.
And I thought my heart was
going to pump out of my chest.
I was frightened.
>>NOORY: Did you think you
were dreaming, hallucinating?
>>CARTER: No, I knew I wasn't
because everything in my room
was the same.
It wasn't like any distortion.
But I just felt like-- I was
just frightened, pure fear.
I pulled the cover
up over my head,
and I felt this-- I
felt a temperature
change, like maybe
I was outside.
And I heard this whooosh
sound in my ears.
And when I pulled the cover
down, I was back in my room
My wife at the time
did not wake up.
And it got me a
quest, and I read
everything I could
read on the subject.
I was already moving
away from the religion
of my childhood as a Baptist,
that form of Christianity,
and I started just
reading everything.
And then I read Barry
Downing's book--
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
>>CARTER: --who's a friend
and colleague of mine,
and it really got me interested
in-- well, wait a minute here.
Why don't we really
take a look at this?
Went to a psychiatrist
to make sure--
>>NOORY: Just to check you out.
>>CARTER: Right, right.
And some could say it was
good news, it was bad.
Dr. Jean Mundy.
Went to Bud, the
late Bud Hopkins--
>>NOORY: Bud Hopkins?
>>CARTER: --to regress me--
>>NOORY: He's
missed, by the way.
>>CARTER: --and also do-- oh.
>>NOORY: Oh, he's missed.
>>CARTER: I know, I know.
They just had an
exhibit in New York
over the weekend-- there
was something on Facebook--
with Peter Robbins.
>>NOORY: A little
tribute for him.
>>CARTER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But that's how I got started.
That's how I got started.
And I was very
closeted about it.
I would talk about research.
Barry gave me the idea,
Dr. Barry Downing,
and I ran with it,
but I would never
talk about my own experiences
until I wrote this book.
This was my master's thesis,
without my own experiences.
>>NOORY: Why did you
decide to go public?
>>CARTER: Well, the publisher--
the first publisher,
little mom and pop
publisher out in Arizona,
she said, Michael,
it's compelling.
You must tell this story.
This is what people
want to hear.
Yes, we know about the ancient
text and fine, do that.
But why not tell your story?
And I did.
And I just started
putting it on my resume.
I did a consulting job a few
weeks ago, and they snickered.
They chuckled when I got there.
But a lot of people came up
afterwards and said, well,
tell me about that.
>>NOORY: Well, because
you're serious about this.
>>CARTER: I don't have
delusions of grandeur.
I get up in the morning.
I'm wrestling with what it means
to be a human being on planet
Earth and that kind of thing.
But it did happen, and it's
happening more and more.
I'm more interested in,
though, not propulsion systems.
And well, I think
those are fascinating,
and maybe my head's not there.
I don't have that kind of mind.
But I'm more interested in
how will we become more human.
How will we navigate and
negotiate with one another
after these experiences?
>>NOORY: And interact.
>>CARTER: More the
spiritual-- it's
a hackneyed term-- but
more the spiritual.
How will I look at you as
my fellow man and woman
now that I've had
this experience?
>>NOORY: Do you think
you were abducted?
>>CARTER: I don't.
I don't use the word.
I use the old 1950s-- I was a
contactee, the kind of George
Adamski, that kind of thing,
or an experiencer, when
John Mack was alive,
the late John Mack.
I look at it like that.
I don't-- under hypnosis
and what I remember,
nothing was against my will.
But I still sleep
with the light on.
Last night, I kept the light
on until the last minute
I was gonna go to sleep.
I was exhausted.
But it's just that--
>>NOORY: Are you afraid?
>>CARTER: Well, yeah,
but not of them.
More of just to wake
up in the middle
of the night with my doors
locked and my windows shut
and to see somebody in there.
That, I think.
>>NOORY: Whoever
it might be, right?
>>CARTER: Right.
Exactly, exactly.
So that, and then I get over it.
But it's still there.
It's still there.
I mean, I sleep
with my light on.
Like I said, last
night no one came.
But it was just if to wake
up, and there's a being there,
that'll--
>>NOORY: It's jarring.
>>CARTER: Yes, that's the word.
It's jarring.
>>NOORY: I've got three kids.
And when they were
little ones, they
think nothing but
running into the bedroom,
jumping up on daddy,
and daddy's asleep.
And you know, I was producing
late night television shows.
And they stare right at you.
And so the first thing you
do is you open your eyes,
and you see these little brown
eyes looking down on you,
and it's jarring--
>>CARTER: It's jarring.
>>NOORY: --right away.
So I can only imagine
what you went through.
>>CARTER: Yeah, yeah.
And you know, it's not post
traumatic in that sense,
but I still do.
I mean, there are times when
I'm just so exhausted I do.
I can never say they harmed me.
I can say that--
and I work on this
with my meditation and
my own devotionals.
But I live my life, I
try to, less fearfully.
Now, I'm not saying you got to
have people from other planets
to help you do that.
I'm not saying that.
But I am saying that that
was-- I went from trauma--
my evolution went from
trauma to acceptance.
>>NOORY: What do you
think is going on?
>>CARTER: I feel, and from
just what they've shown me,
it's pictures.
>>NOORY: And this
is ongoing for you?
>>CARTER: Yes, yes, yes.
This month I had a visitation--
>>NOORY: Another one?
All right.
>>CARTER: --on the 5th, yeah.
It's to help humanity go to
the next stage of evolution.
We've heard this.
We fight too much.
We believe in too
much separateness.
>>NOORY: We're barbarians.
>>CARTER: Yes, yeah.
You're Tea Party, I'm not.
Your lips are thicker, or
my hair is nap-- I mean,
it's going to destroy us.
And so it's basically
to have us go
to the next step of
evolution to deal with fear.
It's the tremendous fear of
what is and who is different.
You know, I'm a diversity
consultant as well as
a Unitarian
Universalist minister.
And I look at this as part
of my call, if you will.
There's diversity
in the universe.
These beings don't
all look alike.
Some of them look
like praying mantis.
I've seen reptilians.
I've seen the short
individual I told you about.
They look very different, but
we're still-- have to coexist.
I know it sounds like
"Kumbaya," but it's not.
And it's so simple and
profound, but it's so difficult,
this belief in separateness.
So I feel, for the individuals
that have come to me,
because there are
people out there
who've had traumatic
experiences.
And there are more-- there
are less-evolved human beings,
and there are less-evolved
off-world intelligences.
So I'm not saying
all of them want
to come and hold our hands.
But for the ones
that I have been--
>>NOORY: They may
want to eat our hands.
>>CARTER: Thank you.
You mentioned before,
Childhood's End, the book,
Arthur C. Clarke.
That, as a species,
we have to grow up
because we can
destroy ourselves.
Things can get very apocalyptic
very quickly on this planet.
>>NOORY: Do you consider
yourself a messenger?
>>CARTER: You know,
someone called me
that just the other day, a
therapist friend of mine.
She said, "You're
like an ambassador."
I don't think-- yeah, OK.
I've been called worse.
Messenger is good.
But there are many messengers.
And that's good, you know, so I
don't get some grandiose sense
of myself, not that
I'm prone to that.
But being human,
like I'm special.
No, I'm not special.
But I do know that this is
happening, that this is real.
And I could be wrong, and
it could all be otherwise,
I just don't believe that I am.
And so I just have
to tell my story.
I'm not saying people
have to believe it.
A lot of people who have
been upset with me, about I'm
taking away their
Jesus or their god,
and that's not my intention.
>>NOORY: And you're
not doing that.
>>CARTER: But I have a right--
>>NOORY: I can see that.
>>CARTER: --to speak my truth.
And if it doesn't fit, if it
doesn't resonate, that's OK.
We don't have to think
alike to love alike.
That's fine.
>>NOORY: Well, you were
on "Coast to Coast"
with me, tremendous response.
But you did have a small
handful of people who thought--
>>CARTER: Oh, they were angry.
>>NOORY: --you were
attacking religion.
You were attacking Jesus,
which you were not.
>>CARTER: I don't feel--
>>NOORY: You were not.
>>CARTER: --that I was.
>>NOORY: But the
mere fact that you
talk about ETs and
that kind of existence,
they get offended by that.
>>CARTER: They did, and they do.
I was telling you there was
a guy who wrote me yesterday,
and I thought, wow, it took
you this long to write me.
But he said, "You make me sick."
But he said, "I'm not a
Bible scholar," he said,
"but I'm a follower
of Jesus Christ."
And I was like, well, don't
you see the disconnect,
the language you're using?
But I didn't write that.
He just told me that
I was part of Satan,
that I was making money,
which I'm not, on this,
and that he needed to
stand up against me.
And I said, "Look, I'm
sorry I made you sick.
That wasn't my intention.
But I'm not going to
debate with you this,"
and I just said, "Happy Easter."
And that's how I've
been responding.
I'm past the point.
I'm 57 years old.
I'm past the point
of trying to get
you to believe that
we are being visited.
>>NOORY: You don't
need this in your life.
>>CARTER: No, no, I
don't have the time.
But I do try to not
respond in anger.
I do try to walk my talk.
And from these
beings, I have gotten
that this is really
about love and fear.
And if there's going
to be love, it's
not that you don't
have fear, but you
have to start working
through those fears.
And that's simply
what I try to do.
Just very quickly, I spoke
at a Presbyterian church
the other day, Wednesday.
A friend of mine asked me
to do a Lenten service.
Nothing to do with ETs I don't
talk about ETs from the pulpit.
>>NOORY: I wonder
what they'd react to.
>>CARTER: Well, well,
this guy came up to me
and he said, "You're a
Unitarian Universalist."
I said, "Yeah."
He said, "You don't
believe in Lent."
I said, "Well, some of us
do and some of us don't."
And he said, "Well, I
don't understand that."
I said, "Well, we have
atheists in my church
on Sunday, which is kind
of an oxymoron, but we do.
We have Buddhists.
We have people who don't
know and don't care.
And, you know, we just try
to-- what brings us together."
And he couldn't get past it.
He said, "Well, I agree
with the love part."
And I said, "Then why are
we having this conversation?
You want to talk about theology.
I'm not going to argue
theology with you."
But even there, we
weren't talking about ETs,
but because I don't believe
the same way he does,
he was very uncomfortable.
>>NOORY: And would not open.
They're not open to that.
>>CARTER: His minister was,
because she asked me to come.
And I said, "If you have
an issue, take it to her.
But I have the
prerogative to be here."
But it was just
this separateness.
You don't think like I think,
so therefore you are the other.
It can get dangerous
after a while.
>>NOORY: I have long
suspected, Michael,
that ET visitations
were confused
for angelic visitations.
Barry Downing believes
the same thing.
How about you?
>>CARTER: I agree with Barry.
We differ on small points.
Barry and I differ on-- I
say, "Barry, what kind of god
would kill the firstborn
of every child in Egypt?
I have a problem with that."
He says, "Well, Michael,
you want your god
to be warm and fuzzy, and
maybe god's not like that."
That's OK.
But I just can't.
>>NOORY: It's difficult
to comprehend.
>>CARTER: As the young folks
say, I can't roll with that.
But I believe that
these beings--
they didn't have wings.
OK?
They weren't solid.
They ate.
And probably with the--
>>NOORY: Baked bread.
>>CARTER: --technology, yes.
And so probably
with the technology,
which is very awe-inspiring,
of course, if you're
5,000 years ago or around the
time of Jesus of Nazareth,
you would probably say
these people are god-like.
These are gods.
And if you have
someone like Yahweh,
who's not going to
tell you I'm not a god.
I am your god, and you
need to be circumcised,
and you need not to
associate with the goyim,
the unclean ones.
What are you going
to say to that?
You know?
So that's what I believe.
And again, I'm not saying
there is no first cause,
call it what you will.
>>NOORY: And you're not
saying there is not a god.
>>CARTER: That's
what I'm saying.
Call it what you will.
But I am saying that
there's more proof
of extraterrestrial life-- we
see all these ships in the sky,
there was a ship
flying over Ukraine,
than there is of the
existence of Jesus.
Yes, we know Jesus was there.
We know that.
I'm not saying he wasn't.
But here you have people
with their iPhones.
You have the military.
So I mean, it's right there.
What more do you want?
So that's where I'm coming from.
The Bible still means a lot
to me, the example of Jesus,
the Qur'an, I have
all the Dhammapada.
There are rich
spiritual truths there.
I try to live my life that way
and how I want to be treated.
But it's beyond religion, and
religion can get in the way.
And I think that's
what's happening now.
And it can be dangerous.
It can be very dangerous, all in
the name of, I believe in Jesus
Christ and you don't.
>>NOORY: Wars are
fought over that.
>>CARTER: And will continue to.
And I think these beings are
saying you got to grow up.
You've got to grow up.
We sent these beings to you to
help you go beyond barbarism.
And you've taken them,
and you've made them gods.
You've made us gods.
>>NOORY: Tell us the
premise of your book.
>>CARTER: Basically that
the monotheistic religions,
Judaism, Christianity, and
Islam, were probably-- well,
originated with these
extraterrestrial beings
because they are found
in all three books.
And I talk about that.
I talk about my own personal
experiences, how I evolved.
And how we can you
use those things,
if we want to, in
the 21st century
to get over this
belief and separatism.
We can destroy this planet now
with this belief of separatism.
>>NOORY: We sure can.
Do you think you can help
bring people together?
>>CARTER: Most definitely.
As I said, with your
show, after your show,
my book went to
number 1 on amazon.com
under the topic of UFOs.
So you people are listening.
You give us the forum.
And so out of 100 calls,
let's say, 80% of those calls
were people who were
congratulatory and people who
may not even believe
the same way.
But they were open to it.
And I think this is
how the world changes,
one person at a time.
Shows like this, shows
like your radio show,
people's radio shows I've been
on, and having the courage.
You know, I'm on here now.
You and I have been
on "Ancient Aliens."
Probably 25, 30
years ago, we don't
know if there would have been an
"Ancient Aliens" because people
was close-minded.
Now it's going into
its seventh season.
People are intrigued and--
>>NOORY: They can't
get enough of it.
>>CARTER: You can't
And what did the visitor
tell Philip Corso
before he died when he asked the
visitor-- the author of The Day
after Roswell-- what
are you offering us?
And the being said, "A new
world if you can take it."
>>NOORY: If you can take it.
>>CARTER: If you can take it.
>>NOORY: How many
people can take it?
>>CARTER: We're
going to find out.
I think right now, a lot
of people can take it.
>>NOORY: And do governments
want us to take it?
>>CARTER: It may go beyond that.
I can understand, on
an intellectual level,
and just on an
intellectual level--
and like an Apache friend
told me many years ago,
Michael, the longest
journey you will ever take
will be from here to here.
Because we've been
lying to folk.
People have been missing.
People have been killed.
We're talking about maybe
cures for some diseases
that we have here.
We're talking about free energy.
That takes a lot of--
>>NOORY: Bingo.
>>CARTER: --money.
Yeah, that gets very dangerous
if you're talking about that.
So I can see why.
But the world is changing.
Who was it?
Victor Hugo-- "Nothing
is as powerful as an idea
whose time has come."
And the time has come.
And so do we go
kicking and screaming?
Or do we say, you know what?
It's scary.
It's change.
But we can do this.
We can do this.
And I think we can.
I mean, we see what's
happening in Ukraine.
Now there's more
dialogue, at least
from what I'm hearing
on CNN and NPR
with Putin, Mr. Putin,
and other governments,
because that could have gotten
out of hand very quickly.
>>NOORY: Right.
Still may.
>>CARTER: It still may,
but at least, you know,
so far there's
still time to talk,
and as long as we can talk.
Because a lot of people--
I'm not the president.
I can criticize him,
which I do at times.
But I'm not running the country.
These are tough decisions.
But war is obsolete.
The price is too high.
It always was,
but it's too high.
And we can be more
creative than that.
>>NOORY: What do these
visitors want you to know?
>>CARTER: They have told me
that I have-- I accepted this
before I came here.
They told me that
they had watched me
from the time I was a child.
And now--
>>NOORY: I believe that.
>>CARTER: Yeah.
Kierkegaard, what did he say?
"Life is lived forward
but understood backwards."
So yeah.
And that what I'm saying
now, to tell people
that they are not here to harm.
They could have done
that if they wanted to.
They are here to take us to
our next phase of evolution
as a species.
And the tremendous enemy, to
them and to us, is our fear.
And also, with
this nuclear thing,
we've got to
really, as they say,
chill out on that because--
>>NOORY: Some say they'll step
in and bail us out of that one.
I would hope.
I'm not sure.
>>CARTER: Yeah.
You know, a friend of mine told
me hoping is not a process.
I mean, you're still
waiting for a savior.
You're still waiting
for a savior.
>>NOORY: Let's not let
them worry about us.
>>CARTER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If they do that, that's fine.
But I'd hate to
get to the brink,
and then nothing happens.
And then--
>>NOORY: Oops.
>>CARTER: --we're barbecued.
>>NOORY: Where are they?
>>CARTER: Yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>>NOORY: It's dangerous times.
>>CARTER: It's terrible.
It's terrible.
>>NOORY: Moses comes down
from the Mount, his Ten
Commandments.
>>CARTER: Brother Moses.
>>NOORY: He's got his
white hair, that glow.
>>CARTER: Yeah, he's
got radiation poisoning.
>>NOORY: Did God give it to him?
>>CARTER: I think
that Yahweh did,
I think being around
all that energy.
The crucial thing about Moses is
that there's no Jewish religion
until the Ten Commandments.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>CARTER: There's
no Jewish religion.
And then in the
Book of Leviticus,
we get other laws, how much
to charge for a slave even.
You see how that would
probably raise my dander.
But you know, how many
shekels to charge for slaves.
And I'm being facetious.
All civilizations
have had slavery.
My point being, though,
is that he comes down.
And remember, the
Ten Commandments
were not for everyone.
It was just for the Jews.
You didn't do this to
another Jewish person.
>>NOORY: --for everybody.
>>CARTER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, you know, now they are.
But at that time,
you know, that's
how Yahweh said you are my
people, and I am your God.
You are circumcised.
You don't intermarry.
This is what you do.
>>NOORY: Honor the
Sabbath, all that.
>>CARTER: Yeah.
But you could go into
the land of Canaan
and kill men,
women, and children.
That's OK.
OK.
That's all right.
But you don't do this
to the other Jews.
So now it's more universal.
But they're following
a pillar of cloud
by day and a pillar
of fire by night.
It's a UFO.
It's in the sky.
In the daytime, it
hides behind clouds,
or it comes out of the clouds.
In the day it glows.
It camps out.
They camp out underneath.
There's a little manna from
heaven or food is coming out.
Who knows what it was.
And then they pack up, and
they do this for 40 years.
That is the very definition
of a UFO, you know?
They're following it.
It's intelligent.
It stops, it starts.
>>NOORY: It protects them.
>>CARTER: Here's the beginnings
of the Jewish religion.
>>NOORY: Parts the sea.
>>CARTER: Thank you.
Thank you.
And so I'm just thinking,
Barry, maybe you have a point.
And you know, it
just makes the Bible,
at least to me, it's many
things, much more palatable.
I don't have to
suspend reason, even
though these things I'm talking
about are beyond reason.
>>NOORY: It's amazing when
you look at biblical texts--
>>CARTER: Oh, my god,
it's right there.
>>NOORY: --and
compare it to what
might be happening
with UFOs and things.
Ezekiel's wheel, what
the heck was that?
>>CARTER: It was a spaceship.
Josef Blumrich wrote a book.
You can Google it.
It's right there.
He was a NASA engineer.
He used the metrics
and the measurements
that Ezekiel said that he saw.
And he was a NASA
engineer, and he puts it
on the cover of his book,
The Spaceships of Ezekiel.
You know, Ray Charles can
see that it's right there.
And it's a new world
if we can take it.
>>NOORY: Can we take it?
>>CARTER: I think we can.
I got my money on that we can.
I really do.
I get up in the morning,
and I'm excited about life.
Yes, things get me down,
and I have my own issues
and problems.
>>NOORY: You're human.
>>CARTER: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Go figure, huh?
>>CARTER: Yes, yes.
But the more human I became,
the more authentic I became,
when I learned to say I'm
sorry, I don't know, forgive me.
Coming up in the
Baptist tradition,
I was told to be like Jesus.
But I need to be like me, right?
I mean, that's what
the poet says--
"This is me for that I came."
I can use the tenets of Jesus.
I say I'm a follower of
the teachings of Jesus.
But this is my life, and
I have to be who I am.
And this is the Hero's Journey.
This is the Shero's Journey, and
Jesus had to go through it too.
And so to realize that who
I am, my divine heritage,
if you will, like you
have it, like I have it.
And so it is the Hero's Journey.
It's just that you're
there, and I'm here.
But all this is within me.
But even back in
that time when he
said that, people
were like, what?
What are you-- that's blas--
what are you talking about,
Rev?
>>NOORY: Burn him at the stake.
>>CARTER: Burn him, nail
him to a piece of wood.
Let's just get it done.
>>NOORY: Was Jesus a hybrid?
>>CARTER: I think so.
>>NOORY: Controversial.
>>CARTER: Well, yes.
I mean, he says, "Look my
kingdom is not of this world."
He says this in John.
His mom is human, but Abba--
>>NOORY: Doesn't conceive.
>>CARTER: --daddy's not.
What am I supposed
to make of that?
Then you're not fully human.
It makes sense of
the miracle stories.
It doesn't take away from
the message he brought.
But he's saying, "My kingdom."
He tells Pilate at the trial.
He says, "Look--"
Pilate says, "Aren't you
going to speak to me?
You're not going to answer me?"
OK? "You're not
going to answer me?
I represent Rome."
And Jesus says--
>>NOORY: I can free you.
>>CARTER: Yeah.
Well, Jesus says,
"You have no pow--"
He says, "I have power over you.
I can put you to death."
And Jesus says, "You
have no power over me
unless it was given
to you from above."
If I wanted to, I
could-- he calls
them legions-- I could have "12
legions of angels" come here,
and and this game is over.
So I mean, what more do we want?
And also, all these characters
are in the Qur'an, Esau,
which is Joshua, which
is Jesus, Miriam.
Gabriel's got the great job.
Every woman he meets
becomes pregnant.
It's a great job.
I mean, they're older women,
but whether it's Sarah,
whether it's Miriam, whether
it's John the Baptist's mom,
Elizabeth.
Samson's mom doesn't get a name.
Women were below dirt in those
times in a patriarchal society.
But Manoah, we know his name.
They visit.
Gabriel comes.
The angels come, and
these superhuman men.
This god Yahweh, very
concerned with genetics
and how pure everything is.
And so it started
to make sense to me
that this is a captain
of some type of spaceship
that needs anger management.
But he's sending messengers
and what have you.
And of course, when
Jesus comes, we
could argue that
maybe he's talking
about a different god--
"this is my father,"
because it's a different
god than Yahweh.
And this is what I'm
looking at, and I'm
thinking it's right there.
And that these beings are
here, and they will come again.
But all of them are
not our best friends.
I will grant that.
But you don't want to
paint a broad brush
and say that they're all bad.
Why do we do that
with each other?
They're all bad, those people.
Those lazy people, you
know how those are.
>>NOORY: So I sometimes
think we're in,
Michael-- Barry writes
this in his work--
that we may be like
a prison planet.
>>CARTER: Well, where
we just cast off that--
>>NOORY: Where they
just cast off the losers
of the universe--
>>CARTER: I don't think so.
>>NOORY: --onto our planet.
>>CARTER: Maybe
my ego's that big.
I don't know.
I think that there are
people-- James Baldwin said,
"The world turns by the
love of a very few people."
And we don't hear that.
We hear the fear factor, and you
can control people with that.
But you and I aren't losers.
The people here aren't losers.
It's just that we
don't hear about it.
But there are
people out here who
try to love, who are
about evolving and growth.
And I'm just tossing my hat
in on the side of those folk.
>>NOORY: Michael, if people
want more information on you,
where do they go?
>>CARTER: They can go
to michaeljscarter.com.
That's my website.
You can buy the book on Amazon.
It's Alien Scriptures,
Extraterrestrials
in the Holy Bible.
Write me.
Let's keep the dialogue going.
I think the book is
well worth the read.
It's a quick read.
And I look forward to
more conversations.
>>NOORY: It's controversial.
>>CARTER: I know, I know.
But sometimes truth
is, and I don't
mean that in a grandiose way.
But I think that we need
to hear these things.
>>NOORY: Are you still scared
about these visitations?
>>CARTER: You know what?
I'm not scared.
It's almost a mystery
of trememdous--
>>NOORY: You wake up.
You see something in your room.
>>CARTER: Right.
But after that I'm over it,
because the growth that I have
opening my heart, it's
my own spirituality.
But they've accelerated that.
The only thing that
gets me is, again, I
had a visit March 5 at 1:22 AM.
Just to see that, and that's
the initial fear, that, oh.
But after that, it's
business as usual.
>>NOORY: Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief," Michael.
>>CARTER: Thank you.
>>NOORY: So many
different things
happen in this universe and
maybe beyond this universe.
We'll continue to
probe these stories
on "Beyond Belief" for you.
I'm George Noory, and
thanks for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]